welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
brothers
sam cahill is a u.s marine captain about
to embark on his fourth combat
deployment
he is a steadfast family man married to
his high school sweetheart
grace and together they raised two young
daughters
isabelle and maggie sam's brother tommy
is being released from prison for an
armed robbery
before sam departs to afghanistan in
october 2007.
sam deploys and after a bit of time news
comes that sam's blackhawk helicopter
had been shot down during an operation
in the helmand province killing all of
the marines aboard
in reality he and a hometown friend
private joe willis have been taken
prisoner in a mountain village by
taliban fighters
with sam gone tommy attempts to redeem
himself
in the eyes of his family by wrangling
old friends to help with a kitchen
remodel for grace and the girls
grace slowly sheds her previous
resentment towards her brother-in-law
as months pass grace and tommy bond over
their mutual morning
culminating in a passionate fireside
kiss
they immediately regret it and do not
take their attraction any further
though tommy continues to win the favor
of his nieces
meanwhile sam and joe are tortured by
their captors
forced to make videotaped dismissals of
the military and their mission
though only joe cracks the captors
eventually deem him useless and force
sam
at gunpoint to beat joe to death with a
lead pipe
sometime later sam is rescued by
american forces
once he returns home sam drifts through
a cold
paranoid days showing signs of severe
post-traumatic stress disorder
due to the traumatic events he
experienced in afghanistan
refusing to explain to his family what
happened while he was there
sam also lies to joe's widow and claims
he does not know how joe died
his paranoia also leads him to believe
grace cheated on him with tommy in his
absence
during maggie's sixth birthday party at
her grandparents
hank and elsie's home a resentful and
jealous isabel
falsely claims that tommy and grace are
having an affair
after the family returns home sam
becomes enraged
destroying the newly remodeled kitchen
with a crowbar and pulling a pistol on
tommy
who arrives and tries to calm his
brother's violent breakdown
the police arrive and after a violent
confrontation in which sam holds the gun
to his head and contemplates suicide
he reluctantly surrenders after a
frantic plea from tommy and grace
after the police arrest sam he has
admitted to a mental hospital
grace visits him and tells him that if
he does not tell her what is tormenting
him
he will lose her forever faced with this
decision
sam finally opens up about the source of
his pain
confiding in her that he killed joe as
sam and grace embrace we hear sam
wondering via narration
if he will be able to continue living a
normal life
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]